Aaron, I have some great news.
Caroline Welch, the daughter of Aidan Welch,
the richest man in the country, has agreed to marry you.
She's agreed?
I never asked.
My dear son, this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity
to be the son-in-law of the wealthiest family.
You start off with an engagement
and then eventually develop feelings over time.
So I have to marry Caroline.
The Welch family will greatly benefit our family business.
You will not regret this marriage.
I understand your difficulties, Father.
More so, I want to share the burden of Bolton family.
So I'll agree to marry Caroline.
When do we start the arrangements?
Next week, the arrangements will start next week.
What?
He's going to marry Caroline?